Add release notes for v1.1.0 (#2589)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/release_notes.md

# Release notes

## [v1.1.0](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/releases/tag/v1.1.0)

### Breaking update to Scala 2 scripts

**Keep in mind that it ONLY applies to Scala 2! Scala 3 script wrappers are not affected!**

> Scala CLI now uses the different kind of script wrappers for Scala 2, which support running background threads.

Reviewer: maybe include a link here to what the issue was?

> Scala CLI now uses the different kind of script wrappers for Scala 2, which support running background threads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scala CLI now uses a different kind of script wrappers for Scala 2 by default, which support running background threads.
```

```bash ignore
scala-cli foo.sc bar.sc --main-class foo_sc
```
should be replaced with
```bash ignore
scala-cli foo.sc bar.sc --main-class foo
```
- it is impossible to access the contents of a script named `main.sc` from another source, any references to the script object `main` will result in a compilation error.
E.g. Accessing the contents of `main.sc` using the following code:
```scala
println(main.somethingDefinedInMainScript)
```
Will result in the following compilation error:
```bash ignore
[error] ./foo.sc:2:11
[error] missing argument list for method main in trait App
[error] Unapplied methods are only converted to functions when a function type is expected.
[error] You can make this conversion explicit by writing `main _` or `main(_)` instead of `main`.
```
When `main.sc` is passed as argument together with other scripts, a warning will be displayed:
```bash ignore
[warn]  Script file named 'main.sc' detected, keep in mind that accessing it from other scripts is impossible due to a clash of `main` symbols
```

Added by [@MaciejG604](https://github.com/MaciejG604) in [#2556](https://github.com/VirtusLab/scala-cli/pull/2556)

### "Drive relative" paths on Windows

> Scala CLI now correctly recognizes "drive relative" paths on Windows, so paths like `/foo/bar` will be treated as relative to the root of a drive you're on - e.g. `C:/foo/bar`.

Reviewer 3: not sure if `/foo/bar` needs the backslash @philwalk 
```suggestion
Scala CLI now correctly recognizes "drive relative" paths on Windows, so paths like `/foo/bar` will be treated as relative to the root of a drive you're on - e.g. `C:\foo\bar`.
```

Reviewer 4: > not sure if `/foo/bar` needs the backslash

Not necessary, since either is a legal PATH in the `Windows` jvm.   This edit is okay.
